# Special-Banks-management-system
BSVB is the special banks management system. It is an Online Banking Login which includes Managing Accounts, Statements, MiniStatements, Funds Transfer and more… While these are very plain vanilla services, the most important factor in these is that each one has a certain resource intensive nature and certain traffic. But within these lets say a Balance Enquiry via an ATM has higher frequency of usage and a need to served faster than say the request for an Old Bank Statement. For this purpose, in this project, we propose 2 separate Cloud Servers for the Bank. All transactions with data within 1 year shall remain in server 1 which is high end. The data that is older than 1 year moves to server 2 which is slightly lesser resource intensive thereby less expensive. So the project involves implementation of a data transfer system which keeps only data that is 1 year old within itself and transfers the remaining to another server. The task in this project begins with creating a very simple Banking application which shall be used by Admin and Customers. The Admin should be able to create new account and create a username, password for the customer owning that account. The admin should be able to add money and debit money from the account by logging on to the admin panel. The customer at any point of time should be able to login and search for his credits/debits in the account via a user interface. He has separate search forms, 1 for latest data, and a separate one for data older than 1 year. As the days progress every day, the data that was entered 1 year ago becomes old. So the developer needs to create a thread which wakes up everyday and searches for transactions on server 1 which are more than 1 year old. Since every day the date moves forward by 1, some transactions might get included in this list. The job of that thread is to pick up these entries in server 1 and make the same entries in the database of server 2. Once done, the entries of server 1 must be deleted.
